Adding basic examples to service (#907)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus.server.exe-command-line/service.md

      --help                 Show detailed help for this command
```
## Basic examples

> This example will restart the Octopus Server Windows service for the instance MyNewInstance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example restarts the Octopus Server Windows service for the instance `MyNewInstance`:
```

```text
octopus.server service --restart --instance="MyNewInstance"
```

> This example will start the Octopus Server Windows service for the default instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example starts the Octopus Server Windows service for the default instance:
```

```text
octopus.server service --start
```

> This example will stop all Octopus Server instances on the machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example stops all Octopus Server instances on the machine:
```
